WRD Guide Version 2 (#1853)
telerik/reporting-docs: user-guide/customizing-report-items/stylesheet-formatting.md

---

> title: StyleSheet Formatting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Using Style Sheets
```

> page_title: Web Report Designer - StyleSheet Formatting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Web Report Designer - Using Style Sheets
```

description: Learn how to customize the visuals of your report using the fine-grained, built-in styling model, similar to the Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) model.
slug: wrd-stylesheet-formatting
tags: web, report, design, customize, style, condition, formatting, properties, area 
published: True
position: 3
---
<style>
img[alt$="><"] {
  border: 1px solid lightgrey;
}
</style>

# StyleSheet Formatting

To keep your report design clean, consistent, and easy to manage StyleSheets in the Web Report Designer let you apply centralized, reusable styles - just like CSS in web development.

> To apply formatting via external stylesheets, you can use a CSS-like styling model that allows centralized and reusable styling across multiple report items. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web Report Designer allows you to use two types of style sheets: 
* Quick style sheets that you create for each report and that live within each report
* External style sheets that live in a separate file and that you can reuse across reports
```

## How to Create a StyleSheet

In the Web Report Designer:

1. Select the **Report** object.

1. Go to the StyleSheet property.

1. Click the `+` button to open the **StyleRule Collection Editor**.

1. Click Add to create a new StyleRule.

1. Define the Style (e.g., background color, font, borders).

1. Add Selectors to target specific items (e.g., all TextBox, PictureBox items).

> The following tutorial shows how to define a StyleRule in the report's StyleSheet and apply the style to multiple items using selectors (e.g., by item name or type):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tutorial shows how to define a style rule in the report's style sheet and apply the style to multiple items by using selectors (for example, by item name or type):
```
